Story line.

Prelude -

Year 4020

Cain was elected..
In a panic we elected the first person willing to say he could fix everything.

The chairman of n-RoK..

After the war no one knew what to do, Our towns and cities became completely isolated.
The world isn't like it used to be. Before the chaos, the people worked together in harmony. 
N-rok had their hand in every-thing, they'd say they "wanted to protect us,
"but while Cain and his goons were in charge, the sectors below N-Rok were impoverished.
We were being lied to and no one could do anything about it.

//Pan to the harbor of Kor//

Enter: Sona

Hench-man #1: //radio//"We have the girl in custody"

COM: //radio//copy.. move her to sector-3

Hench-man #2: "Come on Red lets get out of here." 
"The Drogg are starting to multiply"

Enter Battle: Sea Drogg #1

Hench-men Fall

Scene I

Pan-to-inn:

Inn-Keeper: "you've been sleeping for a week"
"we found you off the shore, not to far from the Harbor."
"Poor child. We saw you being held by members of N-Rok"

Man-1: "We need to report her, or their going to fine us for incompliance."

Inn-Keeper:"Quiet, can't you see shes been through enough."

Man-1:"Don't you understand what our town is going through, we have enough trouble as it is"
"we need to rid ourselves of these trivial matters and focus on the wellbeing of our village."

Inn-Keeper:"Calm down, she just needs her rest is all"
"Leave her be, She'll be on her way soon enough"

*Knock* *Knock*

Man-1: "Its N-Rok!" "Quick hide the girl"

Inn-Keeper:"Quick child this way, come with me."

Enter: Swain

Swain: *Laugh* "We've had reports of a very special young lady that has gone missing in your Village"
"Would your Inn-keeper happen to know of her where abouts by chance?"

Man-1: "No"

Swain: "AH.. Well would you be so kind as to let me talk to him?"

Man-1: ** leaves to get Saul **

Enter Saul: "..."

Swain: "Hello there friend. The members of N-Rok and I are here on business"
"We've lost someone very valuable to us, and we mean to retrieve her"

Saul: "I do not know of whom you are looking for"
"This village is not looking for trouble."

Swain: "Good to hear. then you wouldn't be opposed to us searching your Inn perhaps"

Saul: "Go ahead, you'll find nothing here."

Swain: "Very well, my men will be quick"

Swain: "As expected, your inn-keeper is a modest man."
"We we will take our leave. Thank you, for your co-operation"

Exit: Swain

Man-1: "I don't like the look of this"
"they wouldn't have sent Swain if the situation wasn't big."
"For God sakes, he's Cain's right hand."
"We need to get rid of her now, Saul"

Saul: "Alright.. Fetch Cole, well have him escort the girl to Garen"
"Hopefully. He'll know what to do."

End Scene.

Scene II - Under The-INN 

Cole: "Saul, you know I have my rounds. The Drogg are getting worse. What do you need?"

Saul: "N-Rok are searching for this lady here, we need you to bring her to Garen."

Cole: "To Garen?! I haven't spoken to him since the war."
"Last I heard he was leading the resistance"

Saul: "Exactly, he might just be this girls best chance at escaping N-Rok"
"Cole, she needs your help"
"They've even sent Swain to come find her."

Cole: "But that means..."
"Alright. I understand, I'll take her to Garen."
"But you owe me a big meal when I get back."

Saul: "Leave the village through the tunnel so N-Rok doesn't find you,"
"It will lead you to Sector-5 just off the harbor."
"There's a boat there that you can take north."

Cole: "Hello, my lady, my name is Cole. What is your name?"

Sona:"... Sona."

Cole: "Well then looks like we have ourselves a journey ahead of us"
"Let us be on our way?"

Saul: "Wait. Take this, he hands Cole a Quill."
"She was carrying this when we found her."
"Be safe."

End Scene II
